Given the information you have and any light research you’d like to do on the topic, what insights can you draw? What assumptions have you made about the data? What are 2-3 additional pieces of information that would be important to collect?

Using the subjective measures data, which has information on users' self-entered mood, sleep, rumination, and anxiety, we can track both user progress as well as overall usage of the Neuroflow platform.  I've created two preliminary Tableau dashboards; the first will help providers visualize specific user's progress and is interactive, as it allows the provider to select specific users.  On the right hand side of the dashboard, the provider can also see how many records the user has entered, which allows the provider to see the frequency of engagement.  Further work on this dashborad could include dynamic filtering by data type (mood, sleep, rumination, and anxiety) and by time frame to allow the provider to hone in on any specific areas of interest or concern.

Looking at this visualization, it is clear that there is a high range of difference in engagement (measured by number of records) among users.  Additionally, looking at specific users, it appears that the user's progress can be highly volatile.  

The second dashboard allows Neuroflow to visualize overall engagement on their platform, on a month-by-month basis.  On the top panel, the number of records by type per month is shown, which allows us to determine if engagement has increased or decreased over time.  It also allows us to see which types of engagement are the most commmon.  It's clear that mood and sleep are the most commonly recorded data.  The bottom panel shows the number of distinct users per type per month that entered a value for any type.  This gives us a sense of if any changes in engagement is driven by many users or from a few users who have changed their habits drastically.  By comparing the two charts, which show similar trends, we can see that changes in engagement are likely driven by an overall trend in user behavior, rather than only a few users changing their behavior.

In terms of assumptions, the data has not been normalized for the amount of time users have been signed up for the platform.  Therefore, it is hard to tell if the trends we are seeing are due to new users joining or from exisiting users engaging more.

In terms of additional information, I would like to integrate the user's created at date in order to normalize the record count.  Right now, the dashboard could be comparing the number of records between a patient who has been on the platform for a full year to one that has been on the platform for only a month.  While we might try to infer this by assuming that the first time the user appears in the dataset is the created at date, that assumes that users sign up and use the product right away, which we know is not necessarily true.  IT would also be very helpful to be able to integrate other measures of progress, such as an indication of any visits to the user's behavioral health provider.  
